docs: explain K8s charms briefly at the start of the tutorial (#2392)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/index.md

This tutorial will guide you through the steps of writing a Kubernetes charm for an application.

Kubernetes charms manage their workload application from a separate 'sidecar' container, with Juju and Ops providing extra functionality to help with this.

> This contrasts with machine charms, which run in the same (possibly virtual) machine that their workload does.

Author: ```suggestion
Kubernetes charms manage their workload application from a separate 'sidecar' container, with Juju and Ops providing functionality to help with this.
This contrasts with machine charms, which run in the same machine as their workload.
```
